Bring back subset of migration guide (#150)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/cadence-migration-guide/nft-guide.mdx

Note the changes to the `NonFungibleToken`, `MetadataViews`, `ViewResolver`,
and `NFTForwarding` contracts.

Additionally, here are the import addresses
for all of the important contracts related to non-fungible tokens.
The second column is the import address if you are testing with a basic version of the emulator.
The third column contains the import addresses if you are using the Cadence testing framework.

| Contract           | Emulator Import Address | Testing Framework    |
| ------------------ | ----------------------- | -------------------- |
| `NonFungibleToken` | `0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7`    | `0x0000000000000001` |
| `FungibleToken`    | `0xee82856bf20e2aa6`    | `0x0000000000000002` |
| `ViewResolver`     | `0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7`    | `0x0000000000000001` |
| `Burner`           | `0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7`    | `0x0000000000000001` |
| `MetadataViews`    | `0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7`    | `0x0000000000000001` |

See the other guides in this section of the docs for the import
addresses of other important contracts in the emulator.

As for contracts that are important for NFT developers but aren't "core contracts",
here is information about where to find the Cadence 1.0 Versions of Each:

> **NFT Catalog:**See
> [the `master` branch of the NFT Catalog Repo](https://github.com/onflow/nft-catalog/tree/master/cadence/contracts)
> for the updated versions of NFT Catalog contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NFT Catalog:** The NFT Catalog has been deprecated for Cadence 1.0. Now that the token standards require implementing metadata views, NFT Catalog is not needed in its current form. The Flow team now maintains [TokenList](https://token-list.fixes.world/?utm_source=Flowverse&utm_medium=Website&utm_campaign=Dapp) which is similar to NFT Catalog, but is decentralized. Projects can register there without needing to be approved.
```

**NFT Storefront:**
See [the `master` branch in the NFT Storefront Repo](https://github.com/onflow/nft-storefront/tree/master/contracts)
for the updated versions of the `NFTStorefront` and `NFTStorefrontV2` contracts.

> **USDC:** See [this PR in the USDC repo](https://github.com/flow-usdc/flow-usdc/pull/82)
> for updated USDC contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**USDC:** USDC was migrated to standard bridged USDC on Flow. See the [repo](https://github.com/onflow/bridged-usdc) for the latest version of the USDC contract.
```

**Account Linking and Hybrid Custody:**
See [the `main` branch in the hybrid custody repo](https://github.com/onflow/hybrid-custody)
for updated hybrid custody contracts.

[This Discord announcement](https://discord.com/channels/613813861610684416/811693600403357706/1225909248429527140)
also contains versions of a lot of important contracts.

Use the [Flow Contract Browser](https://contractbrowser.com/) to find the 1.0 code of other contracts.

## A note for newcomers

> This guide is primarily for developers who have existing contracts
> deployed to Flow mainnet that they need to update for Cadence 1.0.
> If you don't have any contracts deployed yet, it is recommended that
> you start an NFT contract from scratch by either copying the `ExampleNFT` contract
> or the [`BasicNFT` contract](https://github.com/onflow/flow-nft/blob/universal-collection/contracts/BasicNFT.cdc)
> from the `universal-collection` branch of the flow-nft GitHub repo and wait until it has been deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is primarily for developers who have existing contracts
deployed to Flow mainnet that they need to update for Cadence 1.0.
If you don't have any contracts deployed yet, it is recommended that
you start an NFT contract from scratch by either copying the `ExampleNFT` contract 
from the `master` branch of the `flow-nft` repo.

Additionally, the Flow community is working on 
the [`BasicNFT` contract](https://github.com/onflow/flow-nft/blob/universal-collection/contracts/BasicNFT.cdc)
in the `universal-collection` branch of the flow-nft GitHub repo.
This is a simplified version of standard NFT contracts, but has not been completed yet.
```
